# fox-convert

A tool to convert Chrome extensions from a Chrome Web Store URL into Firefox-compatible extensions.

***

### ⚠️ NOTICE: This extension is a work in progress and does not support all Chrome extensions. To check known compatibility, see the [Compatibility List](../../wiki/Compatibility-List). Please read the instructions below on how to use this tool.

***

### Prerequisites

To use extensions generated by this tool, you must use either the Nightly or Developer builds of Firefox, as they support installing unsigned extensions. These builds can be found [here](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/channel/desktop/).

Once installed, type `about:config` into the address bar, search for `xpinstall.signatures.required`, and set it to `false`.

***

### Installation & Usage

For Windows and Debian builds of fox-convert, go to the [releases](../../releases) page.

You can use fox-convert by opening the `.exe` (Windows) or via the command line:
```sh
fox-convert <chrome store url>
```
The extension will be downloaded, converted, and stored in the `output` folder.

***

### How to Install the Converted Extension into Firefox

1. Open Firefox Nightly/Developer or a fork that supports unsigned extensions.
2. Navigate to the Add-ons page by clicking the hamburger menu (☰) in the top right corner, then going to `Settings -> Extensions & themes`, or type `about:addons` in the address bar.
3. Click the cog icon at the top of the page and select `Install Add-on From File`.
4. Navigate to your fox-convert folder, then `output -> [extension name]`, and open the zip file.

***

### Support

For issues or questions, please [open an issue](../../issues).
